README.md, before:

<p align="center">
    <img title="Laracord" height="100" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laracord/laracord.com/main/public/images/logo-full-dark.png" alt="Laracord Logo" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/laracord/framework/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/laracord/framework/main.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square" alt="Build Status" /></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laracord/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laracord/framework.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Total Downloads" /></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laracord/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laracord/framework.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Latest Stable Version" /></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laracord/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laracord/framework.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License" /></a>
</p>

[Laracord](https://github.com/laracord/laracord) is a micro-framework that provides a powerful starting point for your next Discord bot.

Build functional, elegant bots harnessing the full power of [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) alongside [DiscordPHP](https://github.com/discord-php/DiscordPHP).

> [!NOTE]
> This repository contains the core code for the Laracord framework. If you want to build a bot using Laracord, visit the main [Laracord repository](https://github.com/laracord/laracord).

## Documentation

For full documentation, visit [Laracord.com](https://laracord.com).

## Bug Reports

If you discover a bug in Laracord, please [open an issue](https://github.com/laracord/framework/issues).

## Contributing

Contributing whether it be through PRs, reporting an issue, or suggesting an idea is encouraged and appreciated.

## License

Laracord is provided under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

📝 Add features to the README

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
    <img title="Laracord" height="100" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/laracord/laracord.com/main/public/images/logo-full-dark.png" alt="Laracord Logo" />
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/laracord/framework/actions"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/laracord/framework/main.yml?branch=main&style=flat-square" alt="Build Status" /></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laracord/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/laracord/framework.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Total Downloads" /></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laracord/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/laracord/framework.svg?style=flat-square" alt="Latest Stable Version" /></a>
  <a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laracord/framework"><img src="https://img.shields.io/packagist/l/laracord/framework.svg?style=flat-square" alt="License" /></a>
</p>

[Laracord](https://github.com/laracord/laracord) is a micro-framework that provides a powerful starting point for your next Discord bot.

Build functional, elegant bots harnessing the full power of [Laravel](https://laravel.com/) alongside [DiscordPHP](https://github.com/discord-php/DiscordPHP).

> [!NOTE]
> This repository contains the core code for the Laracord framework. If you want to build a bot using Laracord, visit the main [Laracord repository](https://github.com/laracord/laracord).

## Features

- ⚡️ Out of the box support for databases, caching, and many other Laravel features thanks to [Laravel Zero](https://laravel-zero.com/).
- 🚀 Instantly generate working bot [commands](https://laracord.com/docs/commands) and [event listeners](https://laracord.com/docs/events) with 0 knowledge.
- 🧑‍💻 Automatic handling of registering/updating/unregistering application [slash commands](https://laracord.com/docs/slash-commands).
- 👷 Generate asynchronous [services/tasks](https://laracord.com/docs/services) that run parallel to the bot.
- 🔧 Fully configurable and extendable.
- 💄 Beautiful console logging with timestamps.
- 🔍️ Fully [documented](https://laracord.com) and maintained.

## Documentation

For full documentation, visit [Laracord.com](https://laracord.com).

## Bug Reports

If you discover a bug in Laracord, please [open an issue](https://github.com/laracord/framework/issues).

## Contributing

Contributing whether it be through PRs, reporting an issue, or suggesting an idea is encouraged and appreciated.

## License

Laracord is provided under the [MIT License](LICENSE.md).
